\input texinfo @c
@setfilename INSTALL.win32.info
@include topdocs/defs.texi
@settitle INSTALL.win32
@node Top, , , (dir)

@chapter INSTALL.win32 - how to install GNU Solfege @value{SOLFEGEVERSION} on MS Windows

Installing Solfege @value{SOLFEGEVERSION} on MS Windows is almost as simple as on
Debian GNU/Linux:

@itemize @bullet
@item Download the file solfege-win32-@value{SOLFEGEVERSION}.exe
from @uref{http://www.solfege.org}.
@item Run the file by double-clicking on it.
@item Accept all default values, and the program is installed
in a few seconds.
@item You can start the program from the Start Menu, 
select Programs/GNU Solfege.
@end itemize

@section Uninstall the program.
To uninstall the program, use the 'Add/remove program' utility in the
control panel.
Do not delete the files directly.

@section Trouble?
It is possible that the file @file{.solfegerc}
is corrupted by a bug in the program. If you have strange problems,
you can try to delete the file and rerun the program. The file is stored in
@file{c:\Documents and Settings\YourName}.

If you still have problems, you should check if there is a newer
release available. And if so, test that release to see if the 
bug has been fixed. If not, you can email you can email your questions to
@email{solfege-devel@@lists.sourceforge.net}. Remember to tell
what version of Solfege you are running, what version of MS Windows,
and the name of the soundcard, if you know it. Do @emph{not} email
the author of Solfege directly, because when emailing the list,
other people than me get the chance to help. 

@section Developers
Building the windows installer requires Special Magic Woodo Skills.
Please read @url{http://www.solfege.org/Solfege/SolfegeOnWin32}

